hey guys okay so today I'm gonna be
doing a review on the very black
professional super thick lash mascara by
covergirl and at first glance let me
show you guys what this looks like in
straight out the bottle at first I was
really afraid to try this only because
the formula looks super thick and I have
super fine lashes so it kind of threw me
off just to see that it was like that
they can it looks copy straight out the
Bott I don't know if I got a good bottle
or not but yeah that's what it looks
like so stay tuned and I'll show you
guys me applying it and my thoughts on
it after so basically what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna show you guys what my um
that just looked like before I apply any
mascara I didn't curl my lashes or
anything like that just to show you guys
kind of what the mascara does on its own
and I'll give you pros and cons I guess
of what I like or dislike about this
mascara let me show you guys my lashes
they're kind of then and kind of long
but yeah so I'm gonna apply it to this
eye and kind of show you guys what it
does now when I apply my mascara I just
kind of like a sweep down motion on the
bottom lashes first
if you can see a difference already
between this one and that one and then
let me apply to the top usually no flex
that's how I kind of because they're so
long and when I if I applied straight up
it kind of feels like heavy and blocks
my view so I kind of like pull my out to
the side a little bit yeah and I'm just
kind of sweep up with it
and I'm messing up but yeah so we're
gonna let that dry I usually put two
coats so even from that one coat I don't
know if you guys can really tell the
difference hold on did you just see
these like really the difference between
that's all it kind of clothes cuz if you
can tell kind of see that's what my
eyelashes looked like without any help
and then this is what the mascara kind
of clumps most of my lashes together and
makes them look very very dark so let me
see if that's true
you know I had to add the second coat
now
and again for this for both flashes just
still that is kind of that in my way
when I'm um trying to blink and see okay
I guess you can put as many coats of
this as you like on your eyelashes me
personally I'll need two maybe two
layers maybe one if I'm I don't know
usually for this I think you only need
one but um I put two just so you guys
can kind of see the formula know what it
does and how it um look so this is the
eye without the mascara and this is the
eye with it so what I like about it is
obviously you can tell it made my
eyelashes a lot darker what I don't like
about it is on it have to be really
careful because it it kind of does like
clump up and get really nasty and funky
but other than that I like it
what I suggest buying it sure go ahead
if you if you have like really fine
lashes just like I do then yeah but if
you have thick once I have no idea how
this will turn out on you so it's kind
of like gonna try try and see if you
like the type of thing I'm not really
crazy about it but it's not bad either
so yeah so this is the review of I know
it's not much of a review it kind of
just want you guys to see what it looked
like and how it looks on so with with
the makeup without so you can see a
difference and honestly this is probably
something that you would want to do like
if you're in a rush and you need to just
get out the house really quickly but you
want to do a little something you can
just do this and maybe eyeliner and go
and you're good to go cuz it actually
you can see a difference between the two
I so yeah so I hope you guys enjoyed
this little quick review and until next
time guys bye